    Vehicles are tools, Everyone lives a different life based on different ideas, I have what I have because it is the best for my lifestyle. It allows for me to adventure, off road, and such, because it is easy to maintain and sits well in my mind, these vehicles become highly economic in my lifestyle.
    My daily drivers consist of a 1963 Dodge Power Wagon and a 1960 International B120 pickup truck. That may sound crazy to some but they fit perfectly into my lifestyle. So much so that I got rid of my 2007 Jeep Wrangler Rubicon as I saw no reason to own 3 vehicles. These two trucks proved better tools for me due to their capabilities, economics, and mental comfort. <- Mental comfort including how I find it good that these trucks can support themselves and tow eachother etc.
    The capabilities of tool are important for any application. These trucks are tools in my life. My vehicles must be able to take me on my off road adventures, including camping and outdoor activites with friends. They must also support my hobby of working on automobiles, towing cars and transporting parts from one place to another. Plus the usual stuff people may use their vehicles for, grocery shopping, going to a friends place, or perhaps making a run for food. All of my vehicles have supported these aspects of my lifestyle to some degree, but both trucks have survived much better.
    Economics play a role in any chocie of automobile. These trucks to the average person probably look very unecinomical, and to those who cannot maintain them cheaply they likley are. But for me these trucks have never stressed me economically. The gas mileage on the trucks is around 16 mpg which is no good but reasonable considering they are both 3 Tonnes. But with my lifestyle off roading often, my vehicles must be able to survive harsh territory without breaking. When inevitably something fails they must also be easy and cheap to repair. My deep understanding of how automobiles work provides the skill needed to maintain these truck for substantially less than the Jeep. That same skill saves me more than enough money to compensate for the poor gas mileage. All of this topped off by the huge savings in registration and insurance and maintinence.
    Then we get into the comfort of driving these vehicles. Daily driving the Jeep I would stress knowing how fragile the system was. Driving down the road boiling when my AC went out as the Jeep was designed around always having AC with no bypass route. Running late because one of the 4 wheel speed sensors tricked the ECU into applying ABS every time I turned left. Then I would get home to find out how expencive each part was and the Jeep needed each one of them to run. Meanwhile, both trucks are designed independently of any luxuries and to survive much rougher conditions. Timing gears, gear driven transfer cases, and huge low tollerance components, all allow for a more reliable vehicle. Both trucks designed in a time where mechanic shops were much less economical and far less common, meaning vehicles had to be much less disposable and much easier to maintain for longer periods of time. All adding up to far less time and cost in repairs along with the comfort of each repairs simplicity. As an engineer I also like the Idea of no relying on others to make parts, fuel, or lubricants. Both of these trucks are such low tollerance that I can make any parts with minimal machining tools and cheap materials. Then the fuel and lubricants can be produced from biomass providing an almost carbon neutral environment. Setting my mind at ease as I drive daily.
    That is why I daily drive two 60s 3 ton 4x4 farm trucks.
