    My daily drivers consist of a 1963 Dodge
Power Wagon and a 1960 International B120
pickup truck. I previously owned a 2007 Jeep
Wrangler Rubicon as well, but I opted to sell
it after discovering how well these two other
trucks fit into my life. A vehicle must
provide transportation, which in my lifestyle,
involves constant outdoor adventure. My
destinations often involve very technical off
road trails in many different kinds of weather
conditions. All 3 of my vehicles work great in
these areas but these trucks are superior.
Stronger and more reliable components mean
that the trucks withstand a lot more than the
average vehicle. More independent systems
produce dependable transportation, so if
failure occurs, I can still make it home safe.
An aspect that has saved me a lot of time and
money is how cheap the parts are to these
vehicles, the simple design also allows me to
repair anything on them in a quick and
efficient manner. They're not for everyone,
but my deep understanding of how automobiles
work allows this to be possible.
